As you can see here,
I'm selecting my pivot table and I can't see the field list.
All the reason for that is that the field list can actually be shown or hidden.
And to do that,
you can go to the inn Ally,
stop here on the ribbon after selecting a cell inside your private table and then click on
field list here.
As you can see her,
this will show your field list,
and if you click again,
this will hide your field list.
Alternatively,
you can right click on your pivot table,
and then there is height field list.
Here.
You can click on that to hide the field list in the or right click and then show the field
list.
So as you can see where you can show on hide your fueled list on your pivot table.